packages/synstate-preact-hooks/README.md, before:

# SynState Preact hooks

## Installation

```bash
npm add synstate-preact-hooks
```

Or with other package managers:

```bash
# Yarn
yarn add synstate-preact-hooks

# pnpm
pnpm add synstate-preact-hooks
```

## Quick Start

### Simple State Management

```tsx
import type * as Preact from 'preact';
import { createState } from 'synstate-preact-hooks';

// Global state (outside component)
const [useUserState, setUserState] = createState({
    name: '',
    email: '',
});

const UserProfile = (): Preact.JSX.Element => {
    const user = useUserState();

    return (
        <div>
            <p>
                {'Name: '}
                {user.name}
            </p>
            <button
                onClick={() => {
                    setUserState({
                        name: 'Alice',
                        email: 'alice@example.com',
                    });
                }}
            >
                {'Set User'}
            </button>
        </div>
    );
};
```

With `resetState`, `updateState`, `state` APIs:

```tsx
import type * as Preact from 'preact';
import { createState } from 'synstate-preact-hooks';

// Global state (outside component)
const [
    useUserState,
    setUserState,
    {
        resetState: resetUserState,
        updateState: updateUserState,
        state: userState,
    },
] = createState({
    name: '',
    email: '',
});

userState.subscribe((u) => {
    console.log('User is updated:', u);
});

const UserProfile = (): Preact.JSX.Element => {
    const user = useUserState();

    return (
        <div>
            <p>
                {'Name: '}
                {user.name}
            </p>
            <button
                onClick={() => {
                    setUserState({
                        name: 'Alice',
                        email: 'alice@example.com',
                    });
                }}
            >
                {'Set User'}
            </button>
            <button
                onClick={() => {
                    updateUserState((prev) => ({
                        name: prev.name,
                        email: '',
                    }));
                }}
            >
                {'Reset email'}
            </button>
            <button onClick={resetUserState}>{'Reset'}</button>
        </div>
    );
};
```

Commit message:

fix: fix exports and rename interval to counter, update README and documents

packages/synstate-preact-hooks/README.md, after:

# SynState Preact hooks

synstate-preact-hooks re-exports all exports from synstate except for `createState`, `createReducer`, and `createBooleanState`, and exports modified versions of those creation functions.

The first element of the array returned by the `createState<T>` function provided by synstate-preact-hooks is changed from `InitializedObservable<T>` to a React hook `() => T`, and the `InitializedObservable<T>` has been moved to the `state` property in the object at index 2.

## Installation

```bash
npm add synstate-preact-hooks
```

Or with other package managers:

```bash
# Yarn
yarn add synstate-preact-hooks

# pnpm
pnpm add synstate-preact-hooks
```

## Quick Start

### Simple State Management

```tsx
import type * as Preact from 'preact';
import { createState } from 'synstate-preact-hooks';

// Global state (outside component)
const [useUserState, setUserState] = createState({
    name: '',
    email: '',
});

const UserProfile = (): Preact.JSX.Element => {
    const user = useUserState();

    return (
        <div>
            <p>
                {'Name: '}
                {user.name}
            </p>
            <button
                onClick={() => {
                    setUserState({
                        name: 'Alice',
                        email: 'alice@example.com',
                    });
                }}
            >
                {'Set User'}
            </button>
        </div>
    );
};
```

With `resetState`, `updateState`, `state` APIs:

```tsx
import type * as Preact from 'preact';
import { createState } from 'synstate-preact-hooks';

// Global state (outside component)
const [
    useUserState,
    setUserState,
    {
        resetState: resetUserState,
        updateState: updateUserState,
        state: userState,
    },
] = createState({
    name: '',
    email: '',
});

userState.subscribe((u) => {
    console.log('User is updated:', u);
});

const UserProfile = (): Preact.JSX.Element => {
    const user = useUserState();

    return (
        <div>
            <p>
                {'Name: '}
                {user.name}
            </p>
            <button
                onClick={() => {
                    setUserState({
                        name: 'Alice',
                        email: 'alice@example.com',
                    });
                }}
            >
                {'Set User'}
            </button>
            <button
                onClick={() => {
                    updateUserState((prev) => ({
                        name: prev.name,
                        email: '',
                    }));
                }}
            >
                {'Reset email'}
            </button>
            <button onClick={resetUserState}>{'Reset'}</button>
        </div>
    );
};
```
